after we have the first part
I have shown a little bit of playing
check out the second part of
silent hill
it was released two years later in 2001
and came back from the house konami though
this time for the playstation 2 a thing
that makes up the series is that at
each continued another
protagonist is played in the first part
it was harry mason his daughter
lost and here we are james
sutherland's by a letter and
His wife, Mary, three years ago
died in the small town
is lured
so mysterious is the end
City the main actor of the series
not in which figures in it
what happens first
Of course, the improved graphic is in the
comparison to the first part of the jump of
playstation 1 was to playstation 2
just gigantic the playstation 2 was
yes the next generation console and has
at that time cost almost 900 mark
Right at the beginning, you meet a woman
alone on a deserted
Cemetery in the thick fog in front of him
Sign alone on one
abandoned cemetery you can only two
No one can see me far
tell her that she does not do it for me
it turns out brutally raped
to be killed and buried
only a fat poster with the
inscription booms me hard anyway
Let's talk to her and she will tell us
that you are looking for your mother
Why is everyone looking for them?
possible you people fucking in silent
hill
I think I have my car key
It will definitely be misplaced in Silent Hill
In any case, we leave the women
raped her ways go what
By the way, it is not up to me I have it
try and find that again
obligatory radio which us
Acoustically listening to opponents in our area
indicates running old manner by
his till and find more surprising
not my car key but
to an apartment block
strangely, james hardly wonders
about that the city is full with
fishes and corpses
i'm just mine i suppose
drive into a city around a corpse
Search the sent me a letter
still bump into other corpses and
I call the funny monsters
cops or at least psychiatrists or who
has so plump persisted toads
just alone with the fucking
Wooden boards introduce this james
Sutherland must have an estimated eight kilo
hauling in the knee
but where can I find her nowhere
probably also lies somewhere in
silent hill and we have to look for her
he goes on proven his
tradition with perfect acoustic
underlined psycho horror terror
few puzzles in between
and the old departure mode
We already know from the first part
although I am here
a little less is represented in the
opposing design have the same as
the sick shit come in and
for example, there is something like that
but halfway human looks like
There is a second pair of torsos
legs practically up
once without the stupid belief but one
some chains would have it for mine
taste may be anyway
I have to conclude that that
play is just as well done
like the first part only with better
graphic it has a similar horror
atmosphere the same game mechanics it
everything is as in the predecessor only
less departure mode so why find
I the first part anyway better it
Must have nostalgia and childhood memories
his part 2 is still not
less recommendable and even today
especially worth a look
the good story
for this james
chr